NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
ROOSEVELT:
Do you know a Ms. Erin Byrne?
Yeah. She works here.
She's one of our escorts.
ROOSEVELT:
She was found dead last night.
A warrant for your vehicle,
Mr. Padilla.
ROOSEVELT:
The caller who spotted the body
saw a Ford pickup truck
drive away from the scene.
We found clothing fragments,
hair and blood. Running DNA now.
Nero Padilla was tough
on his girls.
Kill happened in the morning.
Body was dumped last night
outside Charming.
Eli Roosevelt's turf?
Yeah.
But there may be some question
as to who he's protecting.
I'll deal with my sheriff.
You get to Stockton.
Get Morrow
to sign that affidavit.
LEE:
My deal's still on the table.
CLAY:
You really think seeing
how you destroyed
one of my brothers
is gonna scare me?
LEE: It should.
CLAY: No more, brother.
[LEE GROANING]
You need to get out of guns.
Running guns doesn't sound much
like a Pope Industries venture.
Sounds like something
Marks Incorporated might handle.
Hook me up with
the Irish gun distribution,
I'll consider Trager's
debt paid.
These go back
before you were married.
Yeah.
You'd testify
about the violence?
Yes.
Did you talk to Gemma?
Yeah, told her everything
you wanted me to.
She wants me to keep
feeding her your dirt.
Uh, sorry.
We can't take
any more KG-9s, Galen.
I already told you that.
Don't have to take them,
just pay for them.
You're not getting
out of guns.
[GRUNTING]
I will let you know
if and when we need more guns.
Until then, hands off my club.
Aye, hands off.
[♪♪♪]
[ALT-J'S "TESSELLATE" PLAYING]
♪ Bite chunks out of me ♪
♪ You're a shark
And I'm swimming ♪
♪ My heart still thumps
As I bleed ♪
♪ And all your friends
Come sniffing ♪
♪ Triangles
Are my favorite shape ♪
♪ Three points
Where two lines meet ♪
♪ Toe to toe, back to back
Let's go, my love ♪
♪ It's very late ♪
♪ Till morning comes ♪
♪ Let's tessellate ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Go alone ♪
♪ My flower ♪
[LOCK BUZZES]
♪ Go alone ♪
♪ My flower ♪
♪ And keep my whole ♪
♪ Lovely you ♪
♪ Wild green stones alone ♪
♪ My lover ♪
♪ And keep us on ♪
♪ My heart ♪
♪ Three guns and one goes off ♪
♪ One's empty
One's not quick enough ♪
♪ One burn
One red, one grin ♪
♪ Search the graves
While the camera spins ♪
♪ Chunks of you
Will sink down to seals ♪
♪ Blubber rich in mourning ♪
♪ They'll nosh you up ♪
♪ Yes, they'll nosh
The love away ♪
♪ But it's fair to say ♪
♪ You will still haunt me ♪
♪ Triangles
Are my favorite shape ♪
♪ Three points
Where two lines meet ♪
♪ Toe to toe, back to back
Let's go my love ♪
♪ It's very late ♪
♪ Till morning comes ♪
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
♪ Let's tessellate ♪
Yeah.
Place is closed.
No Galen, no Connor.
Anything there?
Nothing.
You think Sambel
got us good intel?
Right now it's all we got.
Stick with it.
Yeah. I'll check in with Chibs.
All right.
Get some sleep, boss.
I'm good.
Okay. You good?
Yeah.
You all right?
GIRL: Mm-hm.
[MIZ'S "DOPESICK BLUES"
PLAYING ON RADIO]
GEMMA:
How we doing on food?
We have enough to get us through
tomorrow. We need beer and soda.
♪ Somebody told me once
You'll never leave me ♪
Hey, Nubs.
Otto loved you.
You wouldn't be here
if he didn't.
He saved my life
inside.
Remember that.
More coffee.
We got something.
I'm gonna get you close.
HAPPY: Okay.
Cut the engine.
Hands on the wheel.
Get out of the car.
What's your partner
doing inside?
He's taking a shit.
Why don't you go in
and wipe his ass?
[GRUNTS]
All right,
get his friend's attention.
[HORN HONKING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
JAX:
Come here. Come here!
[MAN GRUNTING]
[MAN YELLS]
JAX:
Don't move.
Where we going?
Taking a little trip?
[GAGS]
[WHISTLES]
This looks a little
above your pay grade.
This Galen's shit?
I don't know.
Get up!
Unh!
Look, I know you're just
doing your job,
but we don't need
to make this
any bloodier
than it needs to be.
Just tell me
where Galen and Connor are.
I got no idea.
Really?
[SCREAMING]
Any ideas coming to you?
[GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
How about now?
[YELLING INDISTINCTLY]
What did you say?
It's Connor's bag.
We're picking him up.
And where's Galen?
He's gone.
He left yesterday.
Where are you picking up Connor?
We've got a beverage
warehouse in Lodi.
Write down the address.
I hope
you're not a lefty.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
They said
they're picking up Connor
at a beverage supply house
in Lodi, 2:00.
Galen split,
they don't know where.
You believe them?
I don't know.
We show up in their SUV, try to
lure Connor out.
I'll contact Belfast,
see if they know
where the supply house is.
I gotta go deal with
this Diosa shit in Stockton.
Pick me up at Colette's at 1.
Done.
Bring the Irish Suburban
and the van.
Who's with Tara today?
Shit.
Get one of the Tacoma guys
to come watch them. Rat!
You're with me.
Lieutenant Roosevelt.
San Joaquin District Attorney
Tyne Patterson.
Yes, ma'am. I know.
How can I help you?
Any progress on the murder
of Erin Byrne?
Got some leads, nothing solid.
Does it mean something to you?
Yes, it does.
Is there somewhere we can talk?
Yes, of course.
This way.
How did your interview go
with Nero Padilla?
Oh, well, his alibi checked out,
so I released him.
We did find blood and fibers
in his truck.
We're waiting on lab results.
That feels
pretty solid to me.
I should have the lab
results back today.
What about the fire
at the Gerbers' ranch?
CSU reports listed
cases of KG-9s.
Ah, heh.
This is about Padilla
and the Sons.
My special investigator believed
Ms. Byrne could tie the Byzlats
and the Sons of Anarchy
to the gun that was used
in the Count of Aquino shooting.
Lee Toric was killed
by Otto Delaney
two days ago in Stockton.
You think it was a hit?
If it was, Delaney
won't be able to tell us.
But I am hoping
that Tara Knowles
might be able
to shed some light.
She's being prosecuted
by my office
for her part in the murder
of Toric's sister.
I know.
I brought her in.
We need to find a bad guy,
lieutenant.
Someone, some crew,
has got to take the blame
for the murder
of these four children.
Yes, ma'am, but
Tara Knowles isn't the bad guy.
In my book, she's bad
until she does something good.
What do you need
from me?
You put in time
on the task force
during the Sons' RICO
investigation.
Some. I was more like
the errand boy.
Well, your first errand for me
will be to dig into Padilla.
Friends, enemies--
Use him to find a way
into the MC.
Yes.
And I'll get to know
Dr. Knowles.
Maybe motivate her
to do a good deed.
[MATI ZUNDEL'S "LA MONTAÑA
EN EL MEDIO DEL MUNDO"
PLAYING ON RADIO]
[MUSIC STOPS]
NERO:
How long does this,
uh, lockdown last?
Ah. I'm not sure.
Jax is into it with the Irish.
Can't be good for business.
We just tell them
we're remodeling.
Where's everyone else?
JAX:
On the job.
And alive?
I'm not starting a war,
Mom.
No more bodies,
Jackson. Please.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
JAX: You ready?
Yep.
Sorry,
just give me a minute.
Hey.
Hi.
You sleep?
Not much.
The boys okay?
I guess.
I gotta get out of here,
Jax.
She scares me.
What happened?
Nothing, yet.
But she still thinks I'm trying
to take the boys away from her,
doesn't trust me.
Vibes me.
Don't--Don't say anything.
It's just too much anxiety
in my first trimester.
What do you want me to do?
I don't know.
I asked Margaret
if I could use my old office.
I'm gonna go
and talk to Lowen.
Okay, I'll send Rat
with you.
If you need anything,
just let him know.
I don't want you alone.
All right.
Okay.
Where my 40, homes?
Just get in the car,
scooter boy.
Later.
[ENGINE REVS]
Need anything,
sweetheart?
No, I'm good,
thank you.
You guys have been doing
a lot of remodeling.
So where you at
with the Irish?
Thought you didn't want to know
about my other business.
You're kidding me, right?
You gave my guy a gun,
and his old lady's kid
used it to wipe out
a whole classroom.
You putting that on me?
I'm putting it on both of us.
I'm part of your other
business right now.
Whether I want it
or not.
Look, Diosa is my priority.
This partnership,
this is the thing
that is gonna end
the violence.
Killing your guys,
that's the Irish pissed
about you moving off guns?
Yeah.
[SCOFFS]
And it might get worse
before it gets better.
Think they had anything to do
with our girl getting killed?
No, no.
No, if they wanted to kill
someone close,
it would've been family.
That's comforting.
Look, I know it's messy
right now,
but I promise
I am gonna make this work.
You don't have to believe me.
Just don't bail on me.
Let me prove it.
I'm just looking for
a little disclosure, ese.
You know, you don't have
to give me no details,
just tell me
when to duck.
All right, fair enough.
I'll let you know.
Plus I'm letting you
tap my mom.
That's gotta be worth
something.
Ouch.
I'm gonna pretend
I didn't even hear that.
Uh, excuse me.
COLETTE:
I'll show you around.
How's the inspection going?
It's okay, I think.
Can't really get a read
on the guy.
JAX:
What'd you tell him
about the bedrooms?
Hey, her name's on the lease.
She lives here, works here.
I have a big family.
Come on, Inspector Orlo's
gotta meet the partners.
Something
I can help you with?
I don't think so.
What station you out of,
sheriff?
Now, that's not your concern.
Charlie Barosky, Stockton P.D.,
detective first class. Retired.
That was mandatory retirement,
wasn't it, Charlie?
Either that
or prosecution.
Tomato, tomato.
Why you watching the house?
Well, I'm not at liberty
to discuss the case.
That hush-hush, huh?
Mm-hm.
Tell you what, I'll call
a few friends down to help.
You won't mind telling
Captain Ensor
why you're staking out
his jurisdiction.
Mm.
You know,
I've seen all I need.
[MELLOW POP MUSIC
PLAYING QUIETLY ON RADIO]
JAX:
Excuse me, I'll be right back.
♪ You say my name ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
Either one of you know
a thick black sheriff?
Yeah, why?
He was outside
watching this house.
What, here?
Yep, I just shooed him away.
Wanna tell me why?
Come on.
That girl
that got killed,
dumped outside Charming,
she was one of ours.
And my pre-Chino résumé
made me their first stop.
They got a tail on you, you
may be their last stop as well.
No, man, the sheriff's just
flexing. He ain't a real threat.
He's on your payroll?
No, but we have
an understanding.
You got shit unless
he's counting your cash.
It's my problem.
You see where you're standing.
Now it's my problem too.
I maintain a delicate balance
in this neighborhood.
I fund particular parties,
I keep crime and profiles low.
NERO:
I know, I know, I got it.
Shit, I gotta go.
Look, I hear
what you're saying.
But right now I got
my own balances to maintain.
NERO:
Why don't you and Colette
stop by Diosa this afternoon?
We'll show you
the whole operation.
Put your mind at ease.
JAX:
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Bye. Thanks.
Yeah.
Hope you know
what you're doing, ese.
Yeah, try to--
Oh, watch it. Heh.
Oh! Ow.
Thanks. Bye.
Wait. Ho, ho, ho.
Ugh.
Hey, you shouldn't be
exerting yourself.
Uh, heh.
I get a little carried away
with this one.
Sit down.
Oh, no, I'm okay.
Sit.
Ah.
Come on.
Let me
just take a look.
[UNSER GROANS]
Well, doesn't look like
you pulled the stitches.
Yeah.
Thanks.
It's good.
That, uh, little coven
I walked in on the other day...
Not sure what was going on,
but I got the impression
it was all very hush-hush.
Pretty obvious you didn't want
the queen to be privy.
Exit strategy?
It's best
you don't know, Wayne.
Do you need my help?
If I said yes?
Then I'd say I'm gonna need
to know all the facts.
The cop in me.
It's an offer.
Think it over.
Hey there, buddy.
Let's get going again.
All right,
easy this time.
TIG:
Juice, we're in position.
We got two out front.
Back is quiet.
Okay, stay put. All right.
Here we go.
No, there's nothing much.
Hugh and Neil
just got here.
All right,
I'm on my way now.
What do you think?
Should we go in?
No, wait here.
Let him come to us.
CONNOR:
I'm on it,
don't worry about it.
Samcro!
Shit.
[TYLER BRYANT & THE SHAKEDOWN'S
"HOUSE ON FIRE" PLAYING]
CONNOR:
Samcro!
♪ The engines are humming ♪
♪ Everybody's screaming
And running ♪
♪ To get a taste
Of the madness ♪
♪ Nothing to lose
Ain't waiting to move ♪
Get Connor!
Hey, we need him alive!
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ Give trouble
Just a little kiss ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ Put your money
Where your mouth is ♪
♪ We're gonna set the house
On fire tonight ♪
Christ!
Jax said alive.
Aah!
♪ I'll be shooting like
A pistol in a knife fight ♪
♪ That's right ♪
HAPPY:
He's around that corner.
♪ We're gonna set the house
On fire tonight ♪
On fire ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
TIG:
Let's get him.
Nice driving.
Thank you.
HAPPY: Come on.
TIG: Get up, get up.
[CONNOR COUGHING]
CHIBS:
Jesus.
Another fine Irishman
brought down by the bottle.
TIG:
Jax. Jax.
Found our guns,
man.
There are AKs and Glocks stored
in a storage room back there.
Okay,
put him with the guns.
CHIBS:
Guy that got away...
You know he's reached out
to Galen by now.
I know.
Let's bring him
to the Wahewa.
Get him to connect us
to the Kings.
Guns too?
No, leave them.
A peace offering.
With a dead body
on top?
They still come out ahead.
Aye.
All right, you and Juicey
head to T-M.
We need bodies.
I'm gonna reach out to Bobby.
Tell him we need Jury's crew.
No.
See if San Bernardino
is still in town.
If not, get Rogue River.
Yeah, okay.
Need anything, Tyson?
Not today.
How about you,
friend?
Yeah, maybe.
I think
you'll like this one.
It gets real good
around page 47.
Okay.
Thanks.
Find his phone.
Take off the gag.
Come on, Con.
[CONNOR COUGHING]
How do I call the Kings?
I'm pretty sure
the number's not listed.
Stop it. Enough.
Hey, look at me.
Me reaching out
is about making peace.
I have every intention
of putting you on a flight
back to Belfast.
Letting you give
that little bracelet
to whoever's supposed
to get it.
Come on, Con.
No more blood.
JAX:
Come on, Connor.
In my texts.
From Dungloe Imports.
There's burner numbers there.
[CELL PHONE BEEPING]
I'm gonna make sure
this is real.
Try to leverage
your boyhood memories,
find out where Galen went.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Connor.
JAX: No, it's Jax Teller.
Jackson.
It's Brendan Roarke.
How'd you get this number?
From Malone.
He's here with me now.
What is it you want?
It's what I don't want. War.
Me reaching out to you
directly,
forgive the boldness of that,
but I already had
two men killed.
I don't want any more.
We're hearing about
a couple incidents today.
Men killed.
Others taken.
Apparently
for their phone numbers.
I needed
to get your attention.
Kidnapping
gets our attention.
Just like Galen slaughtering
two of my crew got mine.
We killed one of your men
at the beer warehouse.
I'm sorry.
That couldn't be helped.
Other two are here with Connor.
And what happens to them now?
I let all of them go
as soon as I get assurances.
We're listening.
I told Galen why
we need out of guns.
Fed heat is gonna hurt
all of us if we don't cut ties.
I offered him distribution,
to keep the north,
and new business
down south.
And he told the council
that both those things
were false promises.
And that you delivered
that betrayal
with a good dose of blasphemy.
I didn't break my promise.
I needed time to make it work.
Galen doesn't want
to make it work.
Why's that?
Galen and Clay
go back more than 20 years.
They've done deals
off the books,
shit that neither of
our organizations know about.
They got secrets to protect.
That's a weighty
accusation.
I'm not accusing anyone,
I'm just giving you the facts.
Galen hates that I'm
at the head of the table now.
He is undermining your cause
to hurt me and my club.
So, what's the truth,
then?
Clay's
an unreliable source.
His days in Stockton
are numbered.
But I got someone real.
August Marks,
heir to Damon Pope.
He wants to distribute.
Pope built his empire
on heroin.
We don't like
those kind of associations.
Come on, Roarke,
let's be honest.
We know it's not the drugs
you have a problem with.
You guys have a thing about
partners of a different shade.
But Marks can triple
your buyers,
distribute anywhere
in Northern Cali.
His connections are deep.
He'll be good
for the cause.
I'll need to talk
to the others.
I'll call you on this phone
when we've made a decision.
Okay.
We've lost four distributors
in six cities in the last year.
We cannot afford to lose
Northern California.
We won't.
Teller's just like
his old man.
Weak, lost,
loyalties in the wrong place.
Spics
and now the niggers?
Marks won't triple
our business.
He'll just use us
to set up his network,
then dump us
for a local cheaper source.
Shit players,
all of them.
Clay Morrow is still
our connection to Northern Cali.
Is there anything we should know
about you and Morrow?
Any deal I've made with Clay
has fed this table.
I got no secrets
from you.
Can Clay get the job done
inside?
He won't be in for long.
I've already set up other
protection and transport here.
Our deal with Clay
will be locked down
by the end of the day.
Our history
with the Sons of Anarchy
has come to an end.
And Teller?
He gets what he wants.
Out of guns.
And ties severed.
Should read everything.
Okay.
Excuse me.
We're looking for Wendy Case.
Right down the hall,
to the left.
Thanks.
Shit.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
WENDY: Come in.
Hey.
Hi.
Sorry to bug you at work.
I, uh--
I'll wait in the car.
GEMMA:
Yeah, okay.
Just my bodyguard.
What's going on?
We're on lockdown.
What now?
Irish.
Killed a couple
of our guys.
Phil, the big one,
and a prospect.
Jesus. IRA?
Well, what the hell
does that mean now?
Well, it ain't good.
And I'm thinking
that this is gonna send
Tara's exit strategy
into high gear.
You hear anything?
No, not since the other day.
What are you gonna do,
Gemma? About Tara?
You're gonna bring me
a copy of that will.
And then I'm gonna show Jax
just what she's up to.
He has no idea?
No.
He's neck deep
in club shit.
Tara making this move
behind his back,
it's gonna rip him apart.
I'm not gonna--
I'm not gonna say anything
unless I have proof.
Yeah.
Okay.
Right.
Oh, hey, I, uh....
I was cleaning out some drawers,
and I found copies of these.
Abel's baby pictures.
I figured you probably
didn't have any.
Thanks. Heh.
I should be going.
Hey, Gemma,
why are you doing this?
Letting me in?
All this push-and-pull
with Tara.
I hate it.
I just want the family
to be right.
I don't know.
I've just been thinking about
how it was
before she showed up.
I loved you, Wendy.
A lot.
You were a good fit
for Jax.
It should've worked.
You let the junk
shit all over that.
I know.
You just keep doing
what you're doing.
JUICE:
What?
Yeah.
I'll let everybody know.
All right.
TIG:
Hey, Rogue River's
on their way down now.
Okay, good.
Hap's with the Irish.
We should hear something,
hopefully from the Kings, soon.
How's things going here?
TIG: Fine.
Tara and Rat
are at the hospital.
Gemma and Unser
went somewhere.
All right.
I got to go to Diosa,
meet Colette and Barosky.
See you later.
Hey, uh, I just got off
with Clay's lawyer.
He set up a conjugal
between Clay and Gemma.
CHIBS: Wow.
Ah.
JAX: When?
Now. He's waiting.
He said to tell Gemma
to bring 500 cash.
Bought himself a cell.
What the hell does that mean?
That means the state
cannot wire a conjugal.
And you have to do it
with your spouse.
Clay needs to tell us something.
Yeah?
And who's gonna tell her?
Sounds like a job
for a loving son to me.
Yeah.
Chibs.
Aw. Aye,
I'll back you up.
Here.
Give me a minute?
Yeah.
Something I should know,
sheriff?
I get a little anxious
when I know that I'm being
followed by law enforcement.
Let's just call it
curiosity.
No, let's just call it
you up my ass over a murder
I had nothing to do with.
Either charge me
so that I can engage proper
legal counsel, or back off.
Why do you think it was you
that I was following?
The San Joa DA knows that Samcro
is connected to the KG-9
that was used
in the Aquino shooting.
So all this curiosity
is about the MC,
not about Erin's murder?
Well, now, that depends
on the DNA results.
And I should have those back
in a few hours.
Shit.
You wanna follow me,
I'll make it easy.
I'll be at Diosa
most of the afternoon,
then probably head over
to T-M.
Maybe make a stop
along the way
buy a pack of gum,
kill a hooker or two.
You know,
just another day.
Lee Toric's murder
hurts our case.
How? I mean, it just proves
that Otto is a psychopath.
Just the opposite.
I found out Toric
was on the DA's payroll.
Helping her look for leads
in that school shooting.
You think he was going
after the MC for that?
I think the marshal
is looking for anything,
any way to hurt the Sons.
Christ.
If he was, Otto killing Toric
looks like an organized move.
Yes, argues against him acting
alone in the sister's murder.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah.
How do you use those things?
Shit, hey, hey.
She blew
right past me.
I need to talk to you.
Alone.
I got it.
I'll grab a coffee.
I'd like a coffee too.
Yeah, all right.
You can't come here
without calling.
That guy will tell Jax
you were here.
I can't do this anymore.
What are you talking about?
I can't keep doing this.
I can't keep lying to everyone.
I know
this is hard for you.
I know it rubs against
the way you're trying to live,
but you need to think
big picture. Greater good.
I am starting
to lose sight of that.
We have to get Thomas and Abel
away from the club.
Away from Gemma.
There's gotta be another way.
There's not.
I'm going to jail, Wendy.
I have to face that reality.
And the only way I can do that
is to know that my son,
your son,
is out of danger.
I need you
to take care of them.
My son?
Yeah, your son.
[SIGHS]
I can't do this
without you.
Please.
[SNIFFLES THEN SIGHS]
I wanna spend time
with Abel.
I don't care
what you have to tell him.
Okay.
We can do that.
Soon. Okay?
Mm-hm.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gemma Teller-Morrow
for Clay Morrow.
Hold that.
You bought yourself
two minutes.
[LOCK BUZZES]
What do you wanna
tell me?
The Irish reached out to me.
What the hell's
been going on?
Galen killed Phil and V-Lin
two days ago.
Chopped them into pieces.
Jesus Christ.
Jax is trying to broker
a peace.
We can't afford
to go to war.
Jax offered distribution
to Pope's guy.
Wants to back the MC
out of guns.
What?
Why would he do that?
Well, that's a question
for your son, isn't it?
Micks don't like
working with color.
They don't trust any skin
they can't see through.
Galen let me know
that the offer for me
to be the distributor's
still on the table.
They wanna spring me
out of here.
Take down the transport
that's bringing me
to my hearing in two weeks.
Shit.
What then?
I go underground,
I put together a crew.
I go to Northern Ireland,
and I run the whole thing
from Belfast.
What does that mean
for the club?
It means the Kings
don't like the offer.
They're setting up
alternatives.
They're gonna
shut the MC out.
This ain't good.
Ask Jax
what he wants me to do.
Okay.
We're done here.
No, we're not.
Conjugal's a conjugal,
Morrow.
Man, you got paid.
Let her go.
GUARD 1:
Money was for the chat.
Us watching
is payment for the visit.
So let's get to it.
That ain't gonna happen, pig.
[GRUNTS]
This goes down one of two ways.
We watch while you tap
that MILF ass,
or I watch
while Crane does it.
Either way, I get off.
Okay, then.
You touch her,
I'll cut your goddamn heart out.
[GRUNTS]
Okay.
No.
Come on.
Kiss him.
GUARD 1:
Yeah. Yeah.
Undress.
I wanna see those tits.
I'm so sorry.
I'm gonna kill
both of them.
No, you're not.
Jax needs you.
You're no good to us
in the hole.
Or dead.
[LOCK BUZZES]
You talk, he dies.
Okay, sweetheart?
Just get me out of here.
I know. We bring some heat
with us right now.
Some?
I did some digging, kid.
The San Joa DA's got a hard-on
for your MC
and your little merry band
of bangers.
She's trying to tie you both
into the school shooting.
Take it easy.
There is nothing to tie.
What's this have to do
with my house--?
Just shut up a second,
let me finish.
Hey! She's not
one of your street whores.
BAROSKY:
She's not one of yours either.
Stop it.
All right, enough.
This DA is the one that's
pushing our sheriff at me.
I did a little digging too.
Roosevelt's following me,
looking for a bad move.
It means they ain't got dick.
I know Patterson.
She's not the kind of broad
just throws shit against
the wall, hopes it sticks.
[R&B MUSIC PLAYING QUIETLY
ON RADIO]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Okay, look.
If we stopped doing business
every time the P.D.
liked us for a crime,
we'd never earn a dime.
Let us move forward
with Colette.
If this DA's case heats up,
we'll pull out of Stockton.
Look, I need these guys,
Charlie.
Yeah, I can see that.
Okay, but hear this.
This better not blow back
in my face.
Let's go.
Hey. I'll be right back.
Hey.
Who's the blond?
New whore partner.
You talked to Clay?
Yeah.
I'll fill you in.
Kitchen.
All right.
What can I make you,
sweetheart?
Three hours younger.
So, what did Clay say?
Are you out of your mind?
Offering Kings black
as a partner?
Jesus Christ.
Why don't you just ask
if you can rape their mothers?
Same level of offense.
Do you wanna tell me
what Clay said?
Told Gemma
the Kings reached out,
and they want him
to run point on distribution.
Oh, shit.
Aye.
Shit.
You cannot run this club
on your own.
August made the offer.
I didn't say
yes or no. I--
I floated it to the Irish
as an option.
Behind my back.
I could've told you
how deep this hatred runs.
Do you trust me, Jackie?
Do you trust any of us?
Because
it's not just your club.
It might not be anyone's club
for much longer.
You mind
if I stay for this one?
Don't give up Clay.
He may be
our only way into them.
All right.
[LINE RINGING]
ROARKE: Yes?
It's Jax.
Just wondering
if you've made a decision.
I was just about to phone
you up. We're very close.
Still need to discuss it
with a few people.
It's what, 6:00 there?
Yeah, just about.
We'll give you a call
at 8:00, your time.
Don't use that phone anymore.
It's traceable by now.
Still keep burners
at the clubhouse?
JAX:
Yeah.
I'll text you the number.
We'll give you our answer
and conditions.
You'll need to vote on them
right away.
We'll want to know
how to move forward.
I'll make sure
I've got a full table.
Aye, until then.
Maybe their greed's
trumping their racism.
Well, that will be a first,
Jackie boy.
[MELLOW POP MUSIC PLAYING
QUIETLY ON RADIO]
GEMMA:
New partner's very cute.
Blonds ain't my thing.
You okay?
Yeah.
Just really tired.
You mind driving me back
to T-M?
Sure.
♪ Every time I see your face ♪
I gotta tell you something.
Okay.
♪ I just wanna melt with you ♪
♪ Anytime you change, change ♪
Yeah?
♪ With you ♪
What's going on, Gem?
♪ Every time I see your smile ♪
♪ I just wanna melt with you ♪
I don't wanna keep things
from you.
♪ I just wanna melt ♪
DNA from Padilla's truck.
Hmm.
Find him,
and I'll meet you outside.
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
I brought everyone
up to speed.
Okay.
Thank you.
We're all here
for you.
My brother.
I know.
[THE CIVIL WARS'
"I HAD ME A GIRL" PLAYING]
♪ I had me a girl
Who taught me those things ♪
♪ A young man should know ♪
♪ Down, down on my knees ♪
♪ I'd beg and I'd plead
To learn a little bit more ♪
♪ Oh, that woman taught me
To pray ♪
♪ I saw heaven every day ♪
♪ Lord, she could ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[THOMAS CRYING]
♪ Oh, I had me a boy
Who buttoned me down ♪
♪ Drew me a line ♪
♪ Ooh, he, he washed me
As clean ♪
♪ As a sinner could be
Showed me the light ♪
♪ Ooh, that boy
He taught me to pray ♪
♪ But for all of his
Spit-shinin' ways ♪
You gonna be okay
with this?
I'm trying.
Promise you won't take it
to Jax.
Not now.
[SIREN CHIRPS]
What the hell is Sheriff Remus
doing here?
Oh, shit.
[MEN CHATTERING]
Hey, I'll go see.
Thank you.
ROOSEVELT:
Give me a minute with him.
JAX:
What time is it?
Two minutes to 8.
All right,
everyone to the table.
Let's take this call.
CHIBS: Okay.
♪ Like cigarette smoke ♪
Table, boys.
Table.
Hey, Chucky.
You know where this pen
came from?
Yeah, it's a shamrock pen.
Delivery guy left it
a few hours ago.
What delivery?
Beer.
Gemma must've ordered it.
Eight o'clock.
Full table for the vote.
Everyone out now!
[ALL SHOUTING]
JAX:
Get out. Get out.
Come on, get out!
What's going on?
No, no, no, Abel's in the room.
I got him. Get her out.
♪ Oh, ooh, oh ♪
Come on.
Get out! Jackie!
Clear, clear, clear.
Come on.
♪ Oh, ooh, oh
Oh, ooh, oh ♪
♪ Ooh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, ooh, oh ♪
[THOMAS CRYING]
[♪♪♪]